Yes; it seems to be the child of my sister-in-law; cheers; cheers; cheers; after Obedient comes back
Ah! This is the first time for our two families to have dinner together. Yes; since Qing Huan came back
Ah; I hope this child's energy will be much better. They both have a bad fate.
We will be inseparable for life; good; I have to recognize what you said; don’t keep your words that are too much; yes; it’s just food.
Stop remembering Uncle Li;
I also made a prison
It seems that we have also discussed it
10% of historical equity
Let the words pass without thinking
In addition, the company's clothing and daily chemical industry
I'll leave it to you from now on
How can I do it, Uncle Li?
This is such a big industry under the History Group
You are the daughter-in-law of history
These are all things that should be done
I'm worried about giving you enough passes.
Please accept it
These things should be yours
What about tomorrow’s signing?
Bring the blue and white flowers with you
Other boss ladies in future history